Notes:
This script uses the matplotlib external library, please ensure the library is installed before executing.
Some parameters may need to be changed if another csv file is used.
	The script can only read from local csv files.
	If another csv file is used the filename will need to be changed either in the script or the file itself.
	If delimiter in the file is not consistent with the provided "accumRainfall.csv", the delimiter in the script will need to be changed to adapt.
	If the csv file contains any unique characters which are not inlcuded in the utf-16 character encoding this too will need to be changed to adapt.
	This script expects the unixdatetime to be in the first collumn and the rainfall values to be in the second, otherwise it will not work.

Other variables and calculations may need to be altered if the data is taken from a different measurement site.
	These alterations could be:
		Units used ex.(inches to mm,cm,etc...)
		Timezone offset

There are controls present on the interactive graph, these can be found in the bottom left of the window.
To get a finer look at the graph especially the peak 30 minute period zooming into the plot may be necessary.
	This can be done by clicking on the magnifying glass found near the bottom left. Left click and drag to create a rectangle around the point of interest and release to zoom in, you need to do this multiple times to zoom in further. Right click can be used to zoom out.
The coordiantes of the current position of the cursor will be displayed in the bottom right, these values will also be displayed as dates and floats.

To execute the script simply execute the file by double clicking it.
	**please ensure the csv file is in the same location as the script and that the appropriate changes were made to the script before executing.**


Assumptions:
	As the measurement site is in Pennsylvania, USA, the rainfall values were assumed to be in inches. These values were not convereted to the appropriate metric units as I believe the information woul dbe presented back to American clients.
	Also, since the measurement site is in Pennsylvania, USA, I took into account the time offset and subtracted 4 hours from the converted times.
	The interval between observation times are also the "irregular intervals".
	Observation lengths were strictly sixty minutes in length.
	The peak 30 mintue period is an interval centered around the greatest rainfall value.
